all the time ma are maches
for to some degree it totally
work just like everyone like oh you're
such a mad I did that
in when I'm trying to good at math like
I adopt autistic sounding tone
passp always losing his wallet always
losing his glasses blame for taking
things he held against the Supreme fist
most was that he was concealing from
Paul the most elegant solution to the
world problems he belied the sitting
there and called book the most elevant
solution to ma problem he beli that his
Miss on Earth andion of his fellow
colleagues to reveal pages in God's book
and when I heard this it resonated with
what I experence I had in college about
mathematic What attracted me to math and
I was Tak this course was a rather Surly
Professor who was always always foul and
never had much one day he came Charing
himly carrying two bottles of champagne
in and6
forw no matter how make you
make Maxim number oh four it's four it's
always four it's so cool I drew it out
like a bunch of I like [__] this guy
dude in the bookie talk about one of
these guys did it for like so many
days actually I think it's actually
five it's totally ped there's different
there's different question I'm thinking
of one that isn't solved yet you can
build any 2D shape possible connected
together and the maximum number of like
points connected will only be four like
you can't ever have
five computers it's not that computer
Pro in terms of the Color Run the
sofware toce every m00 and hand spend
hours doing this and Dem so the problem
was not that he didn't think was SC it
was SC but you know why true proof is
too complicated to follow what is about
is you got understand why it's true why
is that's what we're saying why it's
true understood for the other thing
people again he was always concerned
about gr old actually worried about it
apparently and you know jokes about all
day but you know got old doing because
he knew he had less time left and get
another cage did you hear that dude I
can barely understand what he
[Music]
saying godamn anyways he said since he
was four he he worried about death and
that he increasingly did math because he
was worried I have less and less time
and I need to get closer and closer to
the solution cuz my mission here on
Earth is to find that book that equation
true same thing for me for artificial
general
intelligence way married trying to te
every
progam likes to stay with them is
because there are two mathematical
Playmates that he can pest instead of
just one so I got math started at lunch
time and they did all afternoon and they
sort of work through dinner on napkins
and this went on and they had the
evening news on 11 went on and finally
it was about 1 o00 and Ron suggested
that you know they should go to bed and
said here's why I don't want to stay up
a Vampire
Weekend this is so much more Underground
when you put the track credits Paul
Hoffman speaking about Paul erish you in
the sample creds people like holy [__]
dude oh Vampire Weekend that's chill
it's cool I love Vampire
Weekend the idea okay okay hold on hold
on but first of all we can combine two
yeah of course second of all to me the
goal is so like every song has a certain
like power to it right like a a
scaler um and when someone for where the
goal is to maximize the amount of power
that people hear right so like obviously
writing like a pretty shitty song and
having a million people like listen to
it might be about as you got to slow
down cuz I have my own sort of internal
understanding of power dynamics so like
this is more for me in terms of like Get
Distributing any message like the but
you can't attribute
like okay okay here here's what it is to
me obviously Distributing a message that
you believe to be true is rewarding
I take that as an axom that like that to
truly connect your soul to and have a
message that is read by millions of
people is the desire of like so many
authors right so all right I disagree I
found a point of disag here's why
because you don't have a message
necessarily like you can have a mission
but the idea that your message does not
evolve well but the the point is like
within just creating a song I go through
many iterations of other mental
processes making me rethink things like
in the creation of a single song I've
Had any sort of I guess Awakenings or
like change of heart so are you you're
making your music for you but to be
listened by other people that's the way
I view it right like you make I
initially started making it because I
wanted to listen to it
yeah only solely the only reason I put
it online was so that I could download
on my phone and not have to deal with
huge file sizes cuz Bap has his own
compression
algo that the only
reason I mean also partially so that I
could goal out that I I think obviously
the goal is B through that like and now
I have all this infrastructure I have so
many people producing basically for me
or attributed to me like so many like
it's really like it's just going to come
to a head like I always just sort of
took that for a granted though that's
interesting but what if it only could
come to a head by selling out
completely well I'll still have a ton of
like like you're guaranteed okay like if
you don't sell out it's not going to
happen and if you do sell out it's
guaranteed to happen I don't tell out I
go into see that's very interesting no
but that's the thing is like that's
because you view there still you view
there as being a cost like a Time cost
yeah but also that there's infinite rout
routes to actually get to the head to
get to like yeah like that's why now my
GitHub is popping like the website's up
like all all this stuff like your
website it's a super chill website it
loads instantly all right [__] yeah this
is it Amazon did how long it take for
you to make your website super short
amount of time like [__] five minutes
how how long did it actually take uh
like a week what are
lectures like how many hours would you
say uh five are these lectures that you
not lectures you wrote or gave right no
no no they just things you like on
YouTube
yeah what I really need to change this
to and I haven't I haven't actually just
gone and updated it um but what I want
to have this linked to is lectures is
just going to go to cuz the thing is I
would have my website be just a routing
place I don't want my my I don't want to
design a website that's lame I want to
use all the other infrastructure for me
so that's why I link to bamp I link to
whatever and I've started to use this
like uh C sample L2 lectures I've
started use this just like Spotify with
with the caching systems because it
allows me to find good lectures and then
I would just link to this one
interesting so you learn my lectures
which is just so different from it's the
exact opposite of how I learn what do
you mean like you learn through like
video and like sound you
read I have to do no I no I agree I I
but the thing is like like what
constitutes doing like this gives me
something to be able to do like
otherwise I I I don't I can't commit it
to like memory like if I have to recall
it for any form of like exam
actually that's necessary but I don't
exam dude ch chill did you watch minute
physics yeah yeah minute phys they just
he just came out with a dope video
honestly on a uh is he is he the one
with the minus Green video I don't know
pink is just minus green but this one is
sick we learned she can just Pro Force
everything yeah yeah I mean we don't
have to watch this it's 17 the goal of
encryption data in such a way that no
one data can read it reent and the the
thing is they have a lot sound let's
just see but if we could sample
something with a very distinctive sound
or like me let me go to my what's up
guys Michael here spit on me yeah
exactly that's what it is here I have
like we s that' be sick I have some cool
things to sample oh yo what if we made a
song using
like wait let uh recordings of like very
famous alumni from new Chicago yeah
there's a bunch well I was going to
sample like uh where's that guy this
guy Larry
Mahoney he's like the main like social
scientist head
you you don't want to sample this no I
do not enjoy the sound wait wait
genuinely that actually kind of freaks
me out the idea that you're not able to
take sounds and figure out how you can
manipulate them very easily to make them
sound
good that sounds sick there's a reason I
saved
that that's awesome dude I would pitch
that down add Reverb to it distortion
make it a high pass filter to it you
always add high pass you really like B
music what you like Bassy music like not
a lot of
Highs but yeah you can put a high pass
filter but the the fact is that it
mainly it was just cuz it wasn't
recorded perfectly but like this could
totally be used oh I was going to sa
this can we SLE this this is where I'm
from and 8102 is a VTA down to sample
something from where you're from look at
this you're not County Transit Now's the
Time to get there that's the County
Transit Spirit we've got 23 Express
routs to serve you if you haven't caught
our spirit yet now is the best time ever
to express yourself on County
Transit all right this is the one we
don't need to use it for the music but
you realize sampling doesn't need to
even be for anything it just to like add
little textures and random absolutely
absolutely Anderson Pac does that a lot
what's a good person that I that I think
you probably wouldn't know that wait I
was going to do something was it oh
yeah hey start making something
dude oh I start with last time use this
instrument this okay down the Collision
dude think about this though like more
musically I never wait stop playing look
at me all right Collision tension analog
operator these these names actually are
very interesting and I hadn't really
pieced together tension tension's like a
stringa plucking cion here well all the
instruments are
here yeah that's actually helpful for me
to understand like contextualize what
sounds can be made from there so
many remembering what everything does
exactly it's like almost impossible no
you got to you got to find the to
perfectly predict what do I wasn't
talking to you about this I was talking
to a Lon about this but like I I more
and more recently I not even well
recently but in my life just I've been
spending more time figuring out like
where I have what is a uh thing in like
psychology when you have two truths that
are in conflict with each other but you
still have these pillars of thought
built up on these completely
contradictory thoughts it's like
uh uh contradicting AXS yeah yeah but it
there's a word for like someone who's
just like obviously like their logic is
completely hypocritical it's not hypoc
it's
uh dude that is going to [__] with me
cuz it's such a prevalent term point
being though like I've been spending a
lot of time just making sure like my
model of the world like all truths that
I know in all logic can be uh used as a
basis for ascertaining and judging
things that new data that comes into me
cuz the problem is if you have like this
Pillar of Truth and then you have this
completely like the this should be
connected together cuz these this is
true and this is true but you think that
this is false so you build another
pyramid that's ridiculous dude how do
but now if I like the idea that you like
believe that like the world is bad cuz
of gays and your you love your son cuz
your son is gay or like happens to be
gay but you still love him like those
things are contradictory and you have
whatever that word is uh like social Cog
like uh oh social like dissonance or
yeah C cognitive distance the cognitive
dissonance it's cognitive dissonance and
when you have this sort and I've been
really making effort just when I notice
things like to to I'll do this and I'll
do the merge sort and I'll swap and I'll
start to figure out what all the
implications of what I've thought prior
to were about this new truth that I
realized was wrong cuz when we we're
taking in data all the time and if we're
just piling onto our old ones and not
really thinking about
how yeah I mean you love physics and
math so it really all stuff comes from
physics and math you have math and
physics and chemistry and you build up
to like Photoshop and [__] but the idea
that you know that light exists a
certain way and that we've built screens
that don't actually work with the
traditional primary colors but use RGB
you know a question I I've puzzled on
for a while uhhuh so clearly at least to
me clearly the value of a life is at
least somewhat tied to how long that
person has been alive and how much time
they have left oh that's interesting so
creating a function that relates those
two to the value of someone's life you
know and like for example a fetus
conceived one like a day after
conception right I I Define Life by day
after conception but I don't Define the
value of life just inherently I don't
think all lives have equal value so
like what's standard maybe like a like a
a 3mon old like since conception I don't
know what you call it like a fetus not
even a fetus like you probably want to
save one 5-year-old child over a
thousand you know I totally agree
thousand miscarriages for
one like well I mean oh wait I don't
know what that I'm just saying like the
idea that you you're trying to maximize
for Life
lived but not necessarily because
there's also um based on like communal
like someone that is what I really want
to ask you about is experiences of scale
like um when an ant feasts do you think
that they are equally as happy as us
when we are hungry and we
[Music]
eat I mean I don't really think you can
compare the happinesses
why not
because like happiness is very much
based upon the individual and but so
really what you're trying to say is
we're more we're smarter than the Ant
and the ant's stupid and they can't
enjoy food as much as we can right I
mean that's what it boils down to we
have more
neurons but isn't it of scale though the
idea that it on some ways you can order
like you're trying to order happiness I
don't know if you can necessarily order
happen I don't think it abides by the
the axioms of order that doesn't mean
that we can't talk about
it uh yeah I mean I I I'm obviously like
going out on a limb and this is really
more much more of a spiritual kind of
thing that I'm saying but like I don't
know just thinking about kind of our
potential huge ignorance for thinking oh
we are just so much [__] smarter than
these ants we enjoy food so much I think
we probably experience like much less
Joy than ants when ants actually
probably ants experience more joy
I would say ant probably experienced
more joy than we do overall or just like
in that in that moment because they do
very few things yeah please thank you
like they really only like bring food to
queen queen makes babies like their
thought process is so directly tied but
but I guess the in the other Spectrum
though you could totally imagine a
zookeeper for us that is just way
smarter than us and we just can't even
tell like we have no no cognizance of it
going on and there's just this [__]
spe species above us that is just like
way [__] smarter than us and they're
like these guys think they enjoy
food that's not how enjoyment works I'm
not even I'm not even saying enjoyment
I'm just saying experience life like
meaning out of things like we think ants
don't really meaningless right like
that's what I'm saying about
scale like I'm not necessarily saying
happiness in general sadness in general
all of it the whole life the whole of it
it's a tough question though CU then
it's like are we really like
reincarnated and [__] you think we're
reincarnated I don't know Julius think
so well the fact that they were all
one all
right can you close that door actually
yeah can you hear the difference in Echo
totally not not an echo but that thing
makes noise sometimes it's kind of right
let's
recording can you click new and then
record
where's record the
[Music]
circle so now what I want you to do is
load that into a midi track put it into
slicing and then start sampling okay so
it's this audio correct I don't exactly
know how to do it this audio I think I
can do it put it into a mini track right
um yeah the only thing is how do you
move audio clips to okay wait maybe you
could like so what you want is probably
duplicate right with duplicate no no
duplicate just makes it a new wait do
maybe
wait wait oh no select okay now I don't
know if you I think you need a mouse I
think I actually think you need a mouse
yeah yeah you have to be able to right
click it no no you just need to drag
that click click click that one with the
green and just drag it oh wa so click
back on track three midi all right now
that see it's selected now you can just
drag this into there what this one yeah
and just drag it in there oh how' you
make the midi track itself uh control
shift t or just add track I mean control
shift T makes a blank midi track and
then you just drag this to there and now
this midi track is here
and now it's there cuz this is an audio
track cu no cuz you said this is a this
is an audio track dude look at this
this one's an audio check right cuz you
can record from midi is a midi check
that's how you tell the difference well
I mean there's a ton of ways but like
this is one of the key differen is that
this you're going to record notes on
here you actually have to record like a
mic cuz audio you can't record from this
thing cuz it Doesn't produce any sound
itself yeah it only produces commands
It's All Digital
[Music]
baby but make it like I mean oh let's
change it to through and and then you
could turn down the pitch put distortion
on it but the point is that like I I
didn't even think about what I was
playing I just like played one scale but
you'll be able to make everything from
that because you have all the yeah yeah
I just not going up playing
scales uh wait well I don't know if that
that wasn't my point my point is that
you're going to be able to like even
though I didn't know what I like I
didn't know the melody that was right I
still know that if I resample it I can
come up with more ideas overall cuz the
order is flipped up and the process has
changed
changed I'm really high really I mean
I'm like like I said I like this is the
first time in a super long time where I
just haven't smoked up until
night like I'm usually just high all
day is your phone ringing oh yeah that's
a text
froma all right let me do some stuff
though all right I'm I'm is to my plan
is to add a beat repeat and a phaser
that's my I'll add the phaser too I like
the phaser yeah but I'm going to add the
amp first actually I'm want to add a
saturator wait let's I I normally I add
the amp first I'm I'm trying doing be
repeat and phaser first just oh that's
dope okay fine let me see how do I oh
wait how do I do this again okay so I
move no no no no no
no I want
to I want to move
this all right yeah fine I'll just look
it up
[Music]
swap effect order push
two o cheat she would be helpful
actually that's kind of cool yo look at
this dude you got a
cheat a lot oh it's for Ableton 10 too
that's for everything does wow this guy
just made it I didn't see this I usually
track this all the
time oh wow that's
great all right let me save the actual
image
though wow you can actually do the F you
can whoa
wow oh wait this is just a live 10 she
no no I'm I'm a [__] idiot what yeah
I push two well actually that would be
helpful for you though but like
actually yeah you you would you would
enjoy reading that because you would
realize the language and the terminology
like way better like you know how like
everyone always says this dud they're
like oh I went to the Smash tournament
and I realized just how bad I was like
those kind of things where you learn a
new language you realize there's this
whole culture around this thing that's
you always want to go for that you
always want to see how out of your
element you are yeah there's that curve
where it's like oh I think I'm [__]
out I from yeah XKCD where it's like
skill versus perception of skill oh I
love that one yeah yeah yeah
totally um okay yeah so you could you
should read this but what I want to do
is [__] swap
two I want to swap two
effects put move that [__] thing
behind stupid
like all
right you can still play this
[Music]
though can I do one thing wait wait
where's the let's have the beat repeat
in the the beat repeat is on but you
just got to change it I'm just going to
[Music]
yeah
um wait can we try something
else after this can we try loading
samples from online cuz there's a lot of
stuff I want to try for at least a drum
kit this time let me think all right
fine I'm just going to download [__]
um um you want to try using museet how
do I go to the is it this trigger gate
trigger okay War Z Bars res SLI okay it
all oops filter
[Music]
oh let me close all my [__] tabs
oh I remember what I was going to do
dude I was going to get YouTube download
[Music]
um remember what I said about speed
though like try to like once you just
dial like trying to perfect something
you're doing something all right I'm
going back I'm going
back wait how do I get back to the
device devices okay yeah word
[Music]
I definitely have
this how many steps is a is a perfect
fifth
[Music]
uh
H seven seven okay yeah right so minus
10 yeah
[Music]
wait I'm not really hearing this beat
repeat at
[Music]
all oh
yeah all right
cool no you definitely don't want it
with minus 10 dude the reason why why is
because think about oh
yeah- no no even that because I'm going
to be playing multiple notes and that's
going to be playing over the next note
that plays cuz there's a little bit
delay that means that a minus 7 compared
to what my next note is it's going to be
out of scale so really you want to go
octaves the first intuition is for me is
always octaves because then how many is
octaves yeah 12 yeah always and well you
know that an octave is double frequency
right like when you double the frequency
you double the octave oh really yeah you
go up an octave I mean you go up an
octave
really and the ratio of um you the ratio
frequency from a sound to its perfect
fifth is uh 3 to2 the these ratios are
crazy dude look up like the ratio of a
sound so it's perfect look look up wait
look up perfect fifth Ratio or like
frequency ratio it's like a definite
number it's not like a weird thing
yes do two I was right no no I
mean isn't that
crazy they have all this stuff but let's
go to like yeah wait where's just like
interval ratios
[Music]
okay let's go back yeah I need to go
back
actually why what are you doing trying
to I'm trying to get YouTube
down all right I have a calla in 10
minutes by the
way I'm starting the stopwatch though
okay uh
[Music]
is it
repeating it's not repeating
[Music]
right it's
too yeah you're good to
[Music]
just wait what the [__]
maybe it's too
low
[Music]
oh that's so weird right oh there we
go that's so
sick it's just constantly
going that's not playing at all no no I
know the some of these effects take a
minute like
oh
[Music]
Pate what the
heck oh yeah okay so if I turn this down
all right now I'm remember how this [__]
works that's cool but it's supposed to
like the point is when in your
experience when you click this it just
always it goes forever right so ideally
yeah it turns on something times so on
the Zero it should go so
like what is g wait read read the thing
gate finds the total length of all
repetitions in 16 minutes all right so
I'm going to set to a
lot the size
will be captured and repeated for the
set of the G Gate line large grid values
create rhythmic loops and small values
create Sonic artifacts you have 125
that's pretty it's pretty here let's
Okay and then Vari let's turn variation
to zero so that we know what's going on
wait I think one 16th is
better oh cool wait trigger mode creates
variations of the grid when repetitions
are triggered auto mode Force the be
repeat to app I didn't even know they
had this dude
that's insane wait autom mode forces
beat repeat to
what well it's not even that cool
[__] the most complex I think that's new
we should try that I do
[Music]
it wait why isn't that why why can't
I well I guess it has to be
playing oh no no you have to have repeat
on and you turn the chance
yeah is that
right
yeah yeah it's
working that's cool I mean like it's
just coming up with really random things
yeah chance is a bit too
high well you can turn variation to zero
[Music]
why is it not playing it
is oh
[Music]
uh wait keep keep repeat on keep repeat
on
[Music]
oh
yeah play
[Music]
something wait pitch
DEC I changed the
[Music]
GP interval
longer interval yeah interval
cool oh but you'd have to make the grid
less than the interval otherwise it
would never repeat right that's logical
wait why because otherwise you would try
to repeat twice the length but you'd
already started a new
[Music]
one we turn off the p
CH I feel like it just cuz the Grid's
too low
[Music]
wait cuz the variation
zero
or was it the pitch Decay oh
[Music]
wait what was it I think gate was be
better
oh that's weird dude wait what's this
gate do this going to be sick
oh yeah okay that's obvious I don't know
[Music]
why wait so how do that distinct from
interval then interval defines how often
B repeat captures new material oh oh
word guy now I completely understand the
the
[Music]
effect and what just going to do
what I want to wait the chance is too
high that's the
problem oh word
[Music]
God I like the softer
curve the soft C it's too too harsh it's
too harsh
[Music]
wow that's
sick what am I trying to get oh wait I
want this
[Music]
off hold I'm checking out the saturator
I'm curious what what the different mobs
are dude look look remember what I was
saying about this is so obvious like
look
[Music]
yeah what I was saying about how you
have all these waves this is how it
decides to change the slope such that it
cuts it off when cuz this
point when it gets very inwards because
start becoming a sine wave this is how
it's getting distorted so when I go to a
hard curve it's basically a sine wave
with a very high
slope you can but but what you want to
do is you actually want to play with
saturator you got to do this
what what did you do
[Music]
turn so this is the this is super
important how in this off
[Music]
you get better
oh wait what the [__] oh yeah we were
never using that one I I get it what'
you do nothing but wait are you muting
anything no I'm not wait we never had a
clip though we never actually yeah we
never had a clip we never made a clip
yeah I I
[Music]
didn't yeah click
solo um oh
[Music]
find one sound that you like where's the
one where's my one I this one that turn
it
off I got it I got you found it it's
this one yeah
[Music]
1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4
this remember what I was saying is I
didn't know this before but repeat will
really help you like the problem is this
isn't very much in time with the the
metronome like on the whole but you able
to
use I'm going
to wait what' you do I made it slower
don't do that I I was timing things dude
I was timing
[Music]
things all
right don't do that dude it's not
cool I'm really in my element right now
you B I'm trying to figure out like one
thing you change it I can't figure out
and that Wast it doesn't it doesn't
overall I don't think
[Music]
so oh I know what I'm going to do I'm
going to go See's guitar oh he has it
he's going a
show that's so
[Music]
lame I'm going to turn off the pedal D
yo what's up okay turn on pedal where
you
at right the show cuz I literally about
to go steal your electric guitar and
then I realize you're at
somewhere no no we're making beats
though and I really want to use
it when are you going to get back to
okay sick for real all right
[Music]
word how do I duplicate something to
these two to over here on this what
duplicate these two to over here on this
Loop double
Loop can I just do something real quick
hold on hold on I'm I'm just going to
yeah just do it just do it
I just I I I get very annoyed with the
uh the metronome you know what I mean so
I'd rather just have something that
sounds a little bit closer to what I
actually
like all right I got to call you yeah
[Music]
he
oh
[Music]
a
you
[Music]
is
l
[Music]
you add another audio I I recorded CU
that I realized the guitar is Out Of
Tune oh you just recorded a entirely new
thing yeah I Chang My Guitar
[Music]
wait let me let me transfer over those
effects that we
used feel good they're all
[Music]
off and we're going to add them on one
at a time
[Music]
how do they do that thing in dump step
where they like make it go faster faster
faster and then it
drops what do you mean
like like you know like how like I mean
but but if you if you saw this like all
right so wait let's just start here
let's just start here and I I I I made a
bunch dude watch what I'm doing bro okay
I'm making a bunch of Clips first one
I'm going to do this I'm going to turn
off all of them and now this is just
this and then this
one and then this
[Music]
one you know you could go go and yeah
here
but I mean you you see how it's just an
exponential growth of the frequency of
these items yeah yeah and then you have
something that stops at some point and
it changes and you when you go here to
press this next one they're all
different right let's just let's just
make a song that has a drop everything
else can be experimental can we just do
that yeah do it all right let's do it
okay so that's a very good task though
you're like all I just want to make a
drop so the song is only going to be a
drop though you realize that right rise
and then drop and that's the cool song
okay
so I need more bars it needs it needs
more bars to lead
up I mean this is on
[Music]
YouTube wait what oh is this is the 808
core
[Music]
can I download a drum kit from online to
put after the
draw yeah let's what I'm talking about
well I mean cuz I don't have to spend a
lot of time making a drum kit right now
like I'd rather work on other things
yeah
[Music]
oh wait I'm I'm an idiot yeah I don't
know what the [__] I say I was wondering
what's going on
[Music]
no actually I want you to I want you to
to wait did you see that oh wait did you
see that
[Music]
huh whenever first the P said like get
check
out oh I just like it was the git orange
bro that's crazy that color could do
that to me I literally thought it was
about get because of the
orange no no I want you to edit drums
the reason why cuz I don't think you've
ever actually done this though I'm so
bad at making them
though no
rhythm wait what do you mean a kit or a
loop a loop oh you want a
loop I'm fine making kits but or
modifying you mean Mak
okay fine yeah I
[Music]
but but wait but if I go to my packs
like into I like chop and swing like
they have
like I mean this is a very good way of
getting started actually like I don't I
don't know why I didn't start showing
you guys this I kind of think it's
cheating but I also do it sometimes so
[Music]
like can we pitch it down these
drums take this Loop and Pitch them
down where's how do I affect the pitch
click on the oh you can click here wait
you can also double click on
this and
then I'm getting there I'm getting
there
I'm trying to move your hand this way oh
yeah
change the change this this what it's
just a better warping
[Music]
Al I don't think it sounds better I
think let me
this you got to remember to solo when
you're actually making CLS like this
right
and then you put it back in but like
with everything in you have way less
understanding of actually what sound is
changing can I do
something me
[Music]
what' you do I duplicated the loop twice
and then I added some extra ones for a
glitchy effect but it only plays every
eight so it's not like I'm making it
really significant part of the song but
I give it a little variation cuz this
thing gets so annoying after long time
[Music]
what the
heck yeah what was I working
[Music]
on it oh
yeah stop pressing every time dud listen
to the like it's this long right
[Music]
wait you can actually just listen
straight in
here but we have to pitch all this down
as well why cuz it sounds better pitch
down why is that because the notes don't
go with it clash with what we're making
yeah I I think that that thought is
really a local minimum you'll find some
other way around that but right now
that's your like best solution or
something yeah but that's not it that's
not it
Chief how can I add these in Loop like
so I can see all right so I want to go
to this
right and go to note no not it's audio
what it's audio what about that this is
an audio clip so what does that mean
that means that there's no way that you
could possibly split up the audio such
that it knew which drums were which yeah
but can I take it and chop
[Music]
it you're chopping the
audio well you can do that I've done
that it's
[Music]
fun okay so I want to hear them in Loop
turn off the Solo solo no it's not solo
well right now this wait
wait
what
[Music]
oh I use that one all the time I
actually show you some the songs that I
use oh actually you'll [__] with this
song D wait wait you do work work on
here work on
here how do I I can just
try I went to clip
by CLI
let me do it on my
phone actual
[Music]
TRS [__] the bus that's so funny
yo record that record you say that I'll
do later why no no do now do now no dud
keep wear this I want to find this no
I'm doing it new recording all right
wait the way you do that I want you to
say it though I want you to say it wait
is this the
song all
right all right um so I'm going to do
new audio track well actually you have
one here but then see how this is only
one of them and I have one SL2 I want I
want the this is a good mic so it's is
Stereo wait
oh it's not this drop but this isn't
even the right song but I will find it
all right so now you're recorded So
now
um now you're good so now it's just
whatever you say is
recording that's a lot of pressure yeah
that's what I'm saying that's why I
don't like doing
it isn't that crazy like you could
sample this though this will be like
super funny like you'll realize like
people think like things that are not
that funny like in mus like oh my gosh
you put such a goofy sound in the song
it's like not really that goofy bro so I
can just I can just say anything yeah
potato salad no that's already taken
there's a song about that I don't know
so I can just say anything yeah fresh
avocados oh wait let me let me say fresh
avocados
avocado wait I clipped so you see this
this is also a good thing for you to
know about G staging like see how it
turned from a sine wave into a square
wave there it clipped turn more squ you
don't want don't want the clip because
you lose
information you lose
signal all right we got
enough so press yeah press pause it does
whatever you
say so now you're going to move it into
a midi track right yeah that's what I'm
saying that's what I like do you're
going to control shift T isn't that
crazy like you could sample this though
this will be like super funny like
you'll realize like people people think
and then drag it into click on TR oh my
go she put such a goofy sound in the
song it's like not really that so to
click on the actual track top wait oh
you actually so click on go to there and
then that's yeah cuz see this is like
this main switch thing yeah fresh
avocados wait let me let me say fresh
avocados
avocado that be so
funny
um device uh
oh I'm also going to add you can see
like how some of the sounds are way
louder than the other ones so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to go here and
just preliminarily add compression okay
because I I realized the voices are
something that you have to get right
like because that's why I make
instrumental music cuz like when you get
into voices you get into like oh music
needs to be high-fi needs to sound this
way things need to like it gets more
precise so
and then I
want oh wait do this
[Music]
too wait but I need I need more I need
more space on the clip so I want I want
the words over here yeah no no no so
you're turning the sensitivity down or
not sensitivity really just the start I
want like over
here I can increase this
wait why can
I oh you can why I not you see what I'm
saying oh I see you wait so what's this
what's this light highlighted part so
this is the start of your where it
starts chopping but wait wait this is a
good demonstration for look at this
sliced by you know what a transient is
there's some algorithm for determining
you you know how to take the derivative
of a song right or or a picture right
it's literally just the difference
between its neighbors the thing is what
you can do is figure out the slope and
if that slope is very high and you see a
sustained volume you know that this a
loud sound has occurred you can use that
as a Transit you can use that as
something that you know something
occurred here that's why when they do
movies they chop there they do the cut
and they slap that thing down because
that's the audio they know to cut they
know to start right after that cut like
those are all intentional so what you
can do is you can slice by beat and
it'll do it like by a certain amount of
interval and then you can get a more
orderly kind of thing or you could do
manual and I think manual is actually
really fun and you'll probably have a
good time with this but you be like oh
wait let me go to the and let's change
the layout just so it's more obvious
cuz I'm saying I
doing that crazy like it's
like you don't like doing it you see how
I'm doing it isn't that crazy like like
you just playle this though this would
be like super funny like you'll realize
like people think like things that are
not that funny actual music oh my gosh
you put such a goofy sound in the song
it's like not really that goofy bro so I
can just I can just say anything yeah
they a salad no that's already we taken
sure about that it's to say anything
yeah fresh avocados
let me sa
avocado wait I clipped you see this this
is also a good thing for you to know
staging like see how turn from a sine
wave into a square wave there it clipped
more you don't want don't want the clip
because you lose
information all right let's
[Music]
do not all these are loud
though oh wait so see this one it's a
little bit I can go to my main
it a little more zoom in a little
bit and you I actually I'll show you
something this is pretty cool so slice
to new drum rack so it's going to take
these and put them into a drum rack and
what's cool about this is that now like
specifically where's kado he's like oh
my gosh he puts potato salad no that's
already so this is really loud see this
this is also a good thing for you to
know now it's it own like thing and I
can turn down its gain independently of
the other
ones oh that's
sick I can't see these ones like I can
only see some of the things I slce
remember how I had like the ability to
see all of
this yeah because it's a
j so that's the D oh so there's
other you can also
understanding what like I recorded all
these things yes these but once I sliced
to a drum rack it changed from that
instrument to using a drum rack can I
see the time as well as all the notes
the I just want to see the latter half
of the the things that we sliced yeah
that's fine you already had that so
basically you go to this
one these are all the last ones already
let me change to this
[Music]
layout I want to get I want to get no no
no what I want is the T T cuz sounds are
wait I'm going nud it for it
[Music]
out
It's Kind like
dragon from a wave into a
clip
here you
[Music]
I'm
s
s s
[Music]
so I'm going
to wait not this one I didn't mean to
duplicate this I meant to duplicate
where is our audio
[Music]
what are you doing right
now I I I duplicated the guitar and then
I made one that was pitched down in
octave
[Music]
so above it is
the where's the original guitar this one
what that
one they're not both playing are
they okay yeah that's awful
[Music]
I'm
oh
[Music]
can we get more
bars let's just duplicate lo oh yeah
wait no no what you really want to
do
um just
make new yeah make a new guitar Loop
[Music]
wait I want to can I if I stop clip will
that stop everything shift stop stop
everything why is pound still play th
press press play and then pause really
quickly that's a that's a thing you can
ride just like I do that all the time
okay okay okay so now I can just play
everything if I play it'll play
everything no cuz all the clips have
been stopped how do I start them
again I just have to top these whichever
ones you want
playing look on here dude this is a
mirror of
[Music]
this look look this is a mirror of that
I don't know which ones we have playing
I'm moving all the ones that we don't
need so all the ones that are lit up you
you you you have Clips fing for
[Music]
that was the one that was playing one if
you were wonder that was the
one stop come on all right all right I'm
going to start with
this you have the track names here you
like remember which one is the guitar
I mean it's off time it's off time
[Music]
wait I know it's this is actually going
to be sick you going to [__] we should
start with the audio probably you okay
so I'm going to show you another
technique so I want to pitch all of the
samples in this drum rack up what am I
going to do I'm going to do it for 32 no
I work in [__] o or o Conant I we con
time bro copy value so now go
here that's way funnier I mean you have
it either way I I love
how' you pitch it how' you pitch it well
it's just this is a simpler this okay
dude you yeah I got to make some
hierarchy like things these are all
instruments when I when when you like
slice to drum rack you take audio and
make an instrument using a drum rack a
drum rack is just an empty thing that is
able to take a bunch of simpler elements
simpler is an instrument and you've
never even used the sampler before
sampler is a little deprecated I'd say
but like not really like sampler has
some really cool sounds you can get but
simpler like very
efficient bro what you just threw a lot
of information at me can we just get
back to the
song all right how do I pitch this the
audio yes so click on the track so now
you take
one and you take that one pitch it
down
Sol on here on your right hand left
[Music]
hand wait why you [__] ask me I just
said right click right click transpose
copy all to
[Music]
siblings that's going to take that
perimeter then you just change and move
it to all the other simpler simplers uh
click click
[Music]
it and do it for another element oh I
understand I understand what's going
[Music]
on cuz you know now like when you load a
drum rack when you load those preset
things it has a bunch of different
samples
[Music]
next year dude next year bro live shows
at our parties is
that that would be so sick go viral
dude actually that's huge I didn't
realize that we all pop off
[Music]
oh what I was also going to say about
everything sort of coming to a head is
that I've never been necessarily Mo like
I feel like I'm really just sort of like
being a dick and like playing myself
with this comment but I feel like I've
never been super like focused on the
money but like obviously I'm get I'm
trying to get money but really for the
purposes of just coming up with having
more opportunities to do cool creative
things that he didn't have the means to
do yeah exactly that's why recognition
is cool because you can perfect like
cool artist yeah no I'm all about using
like nothing and doing amazing things
with literally the Jank setup like those
people amaze
[Music]
me all right we need more
bars so let me duplicate this Loop what
do you mean when you say more
[Music]
bars by the way I know you dup duplicate
yes I did no you clicked duplicate not
double Lo but then I I
I I didn't see it I can only see what's
on here I'm only watching the
stream are would you be a down for the
cam dude actually I guess I don't have a
port but I used to be able to like like
like this camera would be pointing down
so that you could see me use the actual
[Music]
device what yeah yeah sorry sorry sorry
I don't what I'm going to
[Music]
do hold
hold oh
word I I never actually used this all
right oh my [__] god dude what holy
[__] I never actually like really piec
this together cuz I never really had
[Music]
anyone oh
uh word guy
in this video let's take a look at
Ableton link and how you can set up iOS
devices or even Hardware devices to sync
with live link synchronizes musical be
Tempo and phase across multiple apps and
even Hardware link keeps devices in syn
over local network to use Link first
your device or computer is connect to
your local network link live go to
preferences and under T link click the
show link button in the top left corner
interace link like to use link to my IP
with inst computer first I'll make sure
the oh that's really sick though I'll
then take the when Network window number
also the M which
as I want to use multiple computers I
want to have Elon and I both Computing
the oh that's can't that's not possible
we can't do that that would be insane
could you imagine dude oh my God what
it's it would be like it would be
literally be like like Co-op production
that'd be insane because like you both
have two computers totally different
places but you have the same file that
you're using using and adding to it's
like that dud we should work on that
that's what Google does dude no no no no
no I'm saying like a very basic way that
like when I say abstract I mean abstract
as [__] but this just like that would be
give us so much knowledge in how these
companies run their [__] cuz I have no
idea how you order those like events I
mean obviously they happen in time but
like all that [__] Computing so
hard but that's what I'm saying I want
to be out of my element
I feel like I you know what I
mean when getting talked down to an art
teacher who doesn't know how to use a
computer and it's just kind of lame
[Music]
wait wait wait
wait no wait they're all using their own
[Music]
computer I opened up a demo video we
have to do
this you have a phone you have an iPhone
you we could just play together yeah
C trer and instructor in these videos
we're going to Features 95 if you want
to learn more tech make sure you check
out a announc their new technology Link
Link solves all the problems we've been
facing for the last 25 years on stage
when trying to synchronize Hardware
software any musical instruments so
before we learn how to set the ser and
how it works let's understand what
problems we fac so before we we could
synchronize computers or Hardware using
for manual control so for tap temp here
n Tempo down or up using your mous or
using your controll this was slightly
relable but now other systems invol Med
networks so this obious me we had to use
Med lead interfaces set channels L set
involved now we also syn computers using
an ad Network and create a med between
Compu or maybe even use EET C to create
these networ clock because we had these
tempations between how this temp FL
things we used to see and also we had
this Master Slave relationship between
the two machines between hardware and
software which me that only the master
could take the temple Master St it
timeline if you st the sequencer all the
other Mach would stop as well so it was
rather rigid and it that's why
lat all Interac would be real real
instruments sh that is sick look at that
guy look at that guy did you see that
guy look at oh oh I did it again how do
you even do cuz if you press zero it
goes to the so turn on numlock oh yeah
[Music]
wordy look at that move
dude he probably [__] invented it I'm
just making of him
Oh wait we're going to take a we're
going to take a we're going take smoke
break creative pause we're going to
listen to this for like a minute then
we're going to like go
outside to like and do we have a little
pipe to the point is like when last year
I made music like a ton of times with uh
these two guys right it was so sick we'd
be in the basement of Logan and we'd
make something like we're really [__]
psyched about this we go out smoking
come back and play it and we'd be like
no we'd be like we have to change so
much we know what to do now now we know
how to make it sick before it was chill
now we know how to make it sick all
right should we make a drop though
before we do that want to make a drop
and then come back and yeah make make
the preliminary yeah that cuz that was
the goal I agree I see you make a it
seems I've never made a drw well how
would you go about doing it you take the
driver seat and let me let me advise you
take driver all right here I I'll I'll
show you what I do all right
[Music]
classic
classic welcome back to the school
sounds simp DJ live the Reas want do
this because DJ want make sure we always
Iden ourselves ins our own mixes so come
on let's
go what was his name
[Music]
welcome back to the school of sounds I'm
DJ Mega
[Music]
Man today I'm going to teach you how to
make a simple DJ drop inside of Ableton
Live the reason why we want to do this
is because as DJ we want to make sure we
always identify ourselves inside our own
mixes so come on let's
go thing is Si actually wait don't
sample this right now no we're oh I
didn't mean to do
what I'm what I'm trying to do
is I want to hear that
sound oh my God you know we should
sample you know exactly what I'm talking
about I know exactly dude we'll do it
we'll do it later I just want to listen
to it no dude we're watching something
else right now there's a lot of things
to do making a simple DJ drop is getting
a voice that says exactly what you
wanted to say in this case I got the
Chrisco kid to say DJ Mega Man In the
Mix let's hear what he sounds like
without any effects or compression on
his voice DJ Mega Man In the Mix okay so
he sounds pretty good but to make it
more level and even this is not a drop
this is a [__] T like a DJ Mega
manj that's just a that's just like a
like a ad watch I know I know what video
need to watch thanks again for watching
the school of sounds I'm DJ Mega man
peace I mean that was pretty sick though
like I do want to put in
like wait is this a whole this a whole
subsection of Ableton videos that I
didn't know about dude I love this guy
free
nevere I haven't seen this one
no go back go back go back go back this
how it teaches us yeah I know that you
really didn't need to see that
[Music]
yeah oh yeah okay fine so we know how to
do
that all right so we literally just this
video is not helpful whatsoever what are
you talking about the full song is there
nothing is in like what do you there's
three three tracks one of them is blank
I mean one of them is in you all it's
definitely and there's Hitler in it just
I I don't think he um hot dog no dude no
dude no no no just trust me just trust
me I'm pretty sure this is the one that
uh I just feel like the
like the more logical one
dude come on dude please let me just do
this I I've done this how was times yeah
but this the first minute 35 of this is
him making it yeah a minute 35 dude yeah
but we don't need the full thing we
don't need
everything well I mean to make a drop
you'll probably with your level of
expertise maybe like couple hours of
contest literally like sound design is a
lecture dude like series of lectures
like a class sound design is a class but
it's cold and it's fresh I can send you
a really good book that I read can I get
you a glass you're not going to read the
book how pass
it's very
interesting making a trap remix a trap
remix
of how to make before we make any type
of remix we need to learn how to make a
drop it's the unfortunate the [__] this
is not the
original that guy stole it just cuz it
said Godly grapes in it cuz that's what
I looked at cuz that's all I
remember [__] that guy profiting off of
that I mean good for him and
hey got any
grapes the man said no we just sell but
it's fresh and it's all homemade can I
get you a glass the duck said I'll
pass then he waddled
[Music]
away
Lon oh you can use yeah you can use this
got any grapes yeah yeah hey actually
that would be really cool okay so abl
Ableton like stock really doesn't come
with that much it's all just the base
tools and that you know that's like
people like how can you ever pay that
much for but the point is they also
release a ton of packs which you build
and drop I feel like you should be able
to like here let's go to the loops let's
see what they have
[Music]
like oh [__] so you have a lot at your
disposal just in terms of audio but
remember you can't s you have to sample
this you can't play it like a you know
what I'm saying yeah it's
audio but you know that all like in
terms of your cheating perspective like
how much you feel like you're making it
there's some satisfaction with like this
is almost done for
you hey got any
GPS we can make it from the meme page I
guess dude that would be funny like
sample Dean Boyer some
[__] no no like for a party dude that
would be hilarious you imagine hearing
his voice like this one's pretty good
it's quick
too okay are you ready you can do that
I but also are you thinking about how
you would make this
yourself like wait stop yeah they're
they're increasing some effect I can't
really tell what effect it is though no
no there's so many ways you can like
scanning filter over it first off you
can do two things you can have two notes
and play pora so it rises then pitch
right right that's the Glide right yeah
exactly then P then you could have a
filter on top of it and just slide it
this way so when when you have high
white noise like that's what I did for
that symbol in our song Because I had
that auto that filter where it was kind
of low and then it rose up as it got
before yeah exactly and so you could
think think if you made the attack on
these filters really really long you
could start to make like really slow RIS
and start to build them up yeah and then
you just add the drums on top and you
really have your formula yeah that's why
I don't really know what I do them cuz I
don't do
them cuz you know it is really like I'm
trying to blow up I'm not trying to Cy
loud I mean cuz obviously I respect
everyone's creative in
[Music]
everything so think about what they did
think what they did so they had two
cents right wait they have probably so
it looks like they had like two sign
waves one that was doing this thing for
a long time and then another one was
going like up top there was another sine
wave like play it
again and it just kind of went up a
little bit less but it was up higher
like an octop high and it had a little
bit of attack and they just exported
that audio
[Music]
yeah this could be the
one for this song dude I just think
you'll find that it's such a we can
modify it we can modify it you're right
we can modify I'm glad I'm glad you know
that all right let's smoke this bowl
outside no one's going to call you for
smoking a bong outside you know what I
[Music]
mean all right I'm going to show you
something really cool I'm going to show
you something I'm curious what would you
choose
I wouldn't choose either I'm going to
show you how to do something way cooler
than
[Applause]
this what's the date
54 isn't there something beware the fth
the 4th of
May no it's the IDS of March I [__] I
don't I'm not tied in I'm not really
locked into this whole culture thing
it's like 15th March
15th what is going on oh it's still sa
all right so just because I don't want
to like crash this I'm going to go to a
new one but did you save it yeah of
course did you saw do okay I know let me
get some water oh yeah wow s SAU this
okay anyways what I want to Prelude this
with the um there's this thing called
Max for live which is this amazing way
to [__] oh my god dude you dude we
are going to go so am with this and L's
going to be like oh man I really just
can't make music anymore cuz I called
him out I was like dude I think's music
is kind of better than yours and he was
like no shut the [__] up right no no but
the point is that you're like you're
spending way more time on it than him
like you're going to get better than him
and also the learning curve is very
steep at the beginning all right so do
yeah let's make a Max instrument all
right so it's going to load up this
program Max by live which is this
company cycling 74 that uh Ableton
bought and they're starting to integrate
more and more into Ableton and it's this
like uh programming language kind of
where you can like take a signal and say
oh this is a you know sign and it it's
like a 400 HZ and then you can do like
times two on it but only if like some
logic and you can build these Paths of
logic and people build I went [__]
crazy over the summer I didn't even do
that much cool stuff but I went [__]
nuts
dude so let me just because it's like a
wait what does this thing do just
wait you're going to make a drop right
now I'm not I'm not making a drop
whatsoever but I could show you how you
can easily build these risers with
granularity like none other
really this is a signal Pro Digital
Signal processing dude like people don't
understand digital is like what we rely
on man and all of it you can just like
you have an array of numbers you can do
infinite calc virtually infinite
calculations you as someone who likes
like like like figure expounding on the
the entire set like I wish we could do
infinite com if we could do
infinite computations then we wouldn't
need to care about uh computational
complexity at
all I mean no we would still well I mean
no but that the point would be that time
wouldn't exist cuz the financial Market
someone would still want to win so they
would come up with something
smarter right
like like no one just hey we're just
going to keep running this o of force
anything no I agree okay so
let's so let's make
a where is
cycle I always forget it
[Music]
oh no I wanted the other
cycle what the [__] sign Theo oscillator
all right let me
specify
400 frequency hurts yeah so you can see
in when I I have my arguments here so I
can do like
a so so wait so let's
say that's perfect fit no not perfect F
that's a an octave right yeah
[Music]
oh oh
oh okay I I'm not
like good at this by the way like I
haven't done this in a minute but I just
want to show you that like we should
spec doing this because this will give
us a way better like like this is like
oh hey we're good at Photoshop this is
like no we're [__] signal processing
people like that is way smarter way
cooler like just more intell it's
building this hierarchy not these
hierarchy the one difference is that the
Ableton Live not able to Max like it uh
it lets you view the time much better I
think than this no no no you're you're
never using this necessarily create
whole songs like textures sounds all
these other things the point is that
this tool is really like the tool of all
tools like you can actually script in
C++ and this you can do a whole bunch of
crazy stuff okay so but wait look at the
go to the wait no no this is what you
got to do I sorry I don't mean to like
make the make the what you want to do is
um dude I'm going to force you to make
this [__] drop before the end of
tonight my life depends on
it wait wait I actually don't want this
I want like a
they have like really easy ways to just
like where's the manual you see the
manual all right fine let's do this
it'll show you how to do cool [__] we
should both do this oh also I can
generate video with this I've done Video
Edit like on my on my Instagram page
dude I don't want to learn an entirely
new app right now like I spent so much
time learning this Ableton Live Like I
don't want to learn it like what no dude
like you're just starting me from Square
I'm not no we're not going to actually
do I'm about to close this the point is
once we leave and come back this is
going to be closed and we're going to do
the drop I just want to like get we're
actually doing the drop first thing
we're doing we get we're doing the drop
but I just want to like should we just
roll a Jay dude I don't like Jay's but
it's convenient I don't want to get that
high though oh get really high yeah it's
going to be too hard if we made the drop
first and then got that high that better
that's the plan so so you know because
like if we're I don't want to do
something entirely new while like Blaze
but I can like manipulate sound while
already like you like what's dope about
being you you have a pretty good
understanding of Ableton by the way like
I can tell like you understand tracks
instruments audio effects those things
and that's really all you need and I'm
here like whenever there's like a weird
conflict but when you're super high
you're like I love this sound I [__]
with this yeah all right let me close
all this [__] I like I'm much better at
the editing than I am at the writing
part that makes sense no I understand
but obviously eding is
easier this is so sick though let me let
me just go through some of the objects
that I used to play
with oh you can do some crazy delay
stuff with buffers I did some insane
Reverb
things oh yeah yeah
[Music]
oh it does sound different yeah I was
right with C verbon it sounds
different oh can I do
a oh yeah yeah let me just I would
always build these here wait uh
oh yeah
again uh what is it oh it's yeah now I
can keep it a better
volume let's see this
thing why does this not ever
I don't understand why the I guess oh
well oh no no oh oh wait is it do I have
to sample no I wouldn't right cuz the
input to
this oh it takes a s yeah signal float
symbol wait do oh do I need to literally
do this no that that would be
ridiculous oh and that's the phase okay
well I mean I could
Jesus let's do some crazy stuff I used
to do way more insane stuff
though oh this is cool comb
filtering wow it takes in so many
arguments whoa
that's sick I wasn't expecting that at
all oh wait I want to set this
to no I guess I guess not I guess not I
just want to
you're going to use this to make a drop
no I'm not using I'm just like very
excited to be using this again
[Music]
that's
sick what Su Aris can I have n for the
people upstairs who the people upstairs
Ethan Al and Eli wait tell Al to
community he specifically sent me cuz he
want to come down the stairs that's so
funny tell him now tell him yeah tell
him
only if they come themselves that um
we're we're doing like digital
manipulation on this like sound
wave all right let's go back to your
well okay but you're you see that is
like one of the sickest things of all
time right oh I didn't name it else I
didn't need to rename
it so actually let me yeah so let me
just while I cancel all this stuff
but yeah like come on that is that is
insane you could just think about the
options like if you connect the input of
one cycle to another cycle then you get
this cuz the pitch is all the frequency
is dependent on another sine
W so you so you take you take a cycle
and the thing is fre the thing is
alternating either between uh minus one
and one or zero and one I don't know but
you can do it you can do a thing that
does a signal to float that like samples
it at a certain am and you can see what
it goes to but let's just say that cuz
like I said if it goes to minus one to
one and what you do is you say sign or I
guess
cycle this is a garbage pen dude I'm not
understanding this no no wait okay look
look cycle is just a this means it
creates a signal very obvious right with
the the wave all right so you this takes
in an input which is the frequency if we
take in it has two nodes here and has
one output which is the well I guess it
yeah has one output so what you do is
you connect the frequency thing to
another cycle but what that has is
that's going between minus one and one
and what you really want to do is say
times 100 or something and then then
connect it to there because now you have
something that will alternate between
minus 100 and 100 which in reality is
just the absolute value is 100 and 100
or but like but it's like still
oscillating you know what I mean so like
yeah it's a like that or yeah yeah the
absolute value of the sign W
yeah but effectively the same thing
that's pretty sick that's pretty sick
like I see there's a lot more power with
that but it's insane dude I actually
I'll show you cuz I haven't showed that
many
people um a non-standard unit measure I
didn't even realize a non kind of sounds
like a non dude I never a
non-standardized unit is one of my other
Camp
Pages experiments cuz I was like
learning and I was like these are like
experiments oh you didn't realize it
sounds like your [__] name yeah I
didn't realize it one of these is cool
actually none of them that this is all
done with that
[Music]
program and then I add that just right
but all the other sounds are done in it
[Music]
this has been in this insane
program we made yeah
obviously I'm I'm opening it I'm going
to play this one I feel like Eli hasn't
heard this one oh the one we or two days
ago oh yeah I was saying dude he's going
to get way better than you so fast yeah
I'm just
saying he's learning so much more dude
I think I might get better than you at
certain aspects of it there's no way I'm
going to be better than you at making an
entire song from
scratch I hope
[Music]
so I'm vibing
this oh yeah dude we should get way more
than Max Max is insane the more can
implement it the the best she like the
[__] Al dude yeah get to [__] like
high as I to
T oh wait before I do that let me
that is so flam with the
yeah good
the like a song with like Taylor
right heard him before he no he
it was at this booth professor's
apartment yeah that's why I thought it
was a student what the hell so this guy
just host yeah just randomly he had no
idea I had absolutely no idea this D
just like puts like he host for these s
far shows he's done a couple of them
already it was just like 20 minutes so
far sounds [__] so I mean I guess what
it is I only found out about them
recently they like do these like pop
upes shows where you buy a ticket in
advance and they don't let you know
who's playing or where that is
like so smart it's sick there were three
it was like me and Greer and then two
other a we were in the middle so you
guys just a Duo now come out that album
or something probably I I'd be down to
track in the studio wipe her up my guy I
made like 50 bucks tonight though they
gave us 100 bucks that's sick but uh
dude it's way easier to blow that is so
fun you get a play to make money female
vocals are just better all in general
objectively um
but this dude yeah this random Professor
was just like he like made me like three
cocktails that is so yeah said what are
you majoring yeah that was the
conversation he was like trying to get
me to take his class I was like I'm out
of here you CS right well he's sort he's
like it's like programming uh what is it
I have his name too yeah you said
something in the chat I saw it yeah I
don't know but yeah program like
business program that's so
he wanted you to take his class yeah he
was like trying to sell me on the class
I like dud sounds super a b or some [__]
you not
[Music]
water that's this guy's plate was so
sick he had like three Wars like just
ridiculous setup I heard someone told me
that I think he's single too so he's
just living by himself in a relatively
cheap location
just making like you
know that's so yeah I I get what you're
saying about Bachelor B like all the
time this [__] he literally had like
a first of all he was had an open bar
for everything L all like 100 plus
people there he was just making drinks
and [__] second like he had like he had
this like crazy like light set up that's
just like his personal light that like
projector going like he had this uh this
green screen like Photo like where you
big ass iPad set up like that is dope he
literally made an event he made an event
love the idea me me him and career took
pictures with him and it's like now
there's like a gif that is awesome dude
that is such a life cuz he just like
life shows and he's just like yeah I
living his best life that is insane he
was saying he went to us Chicago I was
talking he went to us Chicago as an
undergrad and he's like the reason I
wanted to grow up and come back and
[Music]
this because I wish that this class was
available when I was interesting you
[Music]
know what was that just I like yeah you
smoke toight yeah I just I haven't
smoked I don't tell that please don't
tell don't tell I smoking I will tell
that's that dude I don't want to smoke
but like he really got me think it who
was this Ben about what not he told me
to work and I was like bro and then
Ellis literally came in the second after
he called I was like
you I got I made it before since to
study a little yeah yeah I studied a lot
today actually as long as you did
something I went to K and
study is that all the study you did stud
with me I woke up called you
left came back whole
day well you came back did you study
here as well I was working with Joe and
Julius uh on the you want to grab your
charer dude we can't watch the fights we
can watch you watch try to make anything
that's so embarrassing brude I've
beening music playing live music like
the entire day I know exactly and I
would be very excited to see oh how does
my like immed I've probably been doing
music [__] more than you have today dog
I I've been out I've been on like a
venture for five plus hours wait oh
really five we want to rehearse
beforehand like like
sound I don't I don't want to beef about
that what I'm trying to say is that
start with I know I know I'm trying to
say that I'd be very interested to see
like right after the live how my
thoughts are maybe different than if I I
was thinking about it but like honestly
I'm I'm a little music like dude what
are you doing top oh my God all right so
let me show you this
thing go go
upstairs you guys are down here not even
making any moves on the weed I come down
here dude not making any moves on the
weed you're just looking at us sitting
there the B are sitting there
the yeah of course that's why I did all
right are we going to make this hey
watch the I'm waiting for you guys to
make me some dirty techno music you're
just making all this whack ass
down drop a drop I don't want any drop
can we just do that now please I just
want some dirty dude what are you doing
we doing nothing though you have Ableton
why did I give you Aon no what I was
going to ask was can we do it if we're
using the same account same I guess it
depends on your definition cuz the thing
is when it starts
there's no trm right only
that the the thing that says oh is this
the right account which has been
authoriz the ver the authorization no
but I'm not talking about the
authorization it's more about the fact
that you're using the same account okay
well I guess we both obviously we both
been locked in at the same
time could this setup be digitized this
is all digital there this thing produces
no sound by itself this thing yeah no no
no that's not what I meant I meant like
like like could you make this setup on
like I just saw an iPad there could you
just have this all projected onto an
iPad that you just plugged in and you
just hit it like with an iPad or does it
need like this like big
thing so you really asking about is how
midi works so midi maybe I am no you
don't need this anything you do you do
on this you can do on the computer you
can do on an iPad okay not more
functionality no no the functionality
that you can do on Ableton is not the
set of cuz they do not have an Ableton
version for iOS they just have propri
like this this is not Ableton someone
else made this thing and it happens to
work with Ableton link but what he's
really asking is theoretically like can
you link that like can you you so on
edge triggers there's nothing intrinsic
about the actual like I don't know robot
that's making like what we do this you
saying is that that yeah midi is this
thing where you transfer like oh button
73 was press at this time V and that is
to like
not3 not any specific
sound was triggered you could this onto
a iPad and have this
many
solid okay wait me no not you one yeah
CU I just saw
the wait did you see
Chad did put the player cam on him like
did you see him dabbing and [__]
yelling [__] you hear him yelling you
hear you see him go crazy you see him
like tell he went crazy cuz he's not
deceived when he goes back the cam and
he's just not dece was talking [__] mid
game dude he be like
yell dude know he the guy the guy he was
playing against like had music had
headphones
headphones I died I need headphones he
guy like yo can I get some headphones I
his phone was dead he's like give me
headphones give me a phone I need
music
[__] and Tad asked him what song he was
playing so he could play the same
song that kid also that he was that when
he played him he was trying to talk
trash like kind of through out
but he couldn't back it up anyway on him
and then I came on and just absolutely
destroyed was so I could have beat
back when you said The Game and Watch
was their second best guy that's what I
thought that's I heard no I
[Music]
think just by far the best
player that was the last guy I I I
barely lost again two1
I lost last guy the one zeta guy that's
actually good you beat the yeah yeah the
one
way two two I you that's okay you miss
me fishing for some
disrespect and then getting beat up on
and then finally killing you
um this
not I saw Isaac
is didn't play well he but he did all he
had to do he picked it up towards the
end yeah he AC was positive nobody was
negative no no yeah that's we we took
the lead in the very beginning and never
gave it
up Isaac had the he was I thought he was
choking it he kills himself he had to
really dig deep he had to gather it
up that's two on the that's where the
was just laying down the most disgusting
[__] I've ever seen for about like a
solid 15 minutes
yeah I I think I killed him with the
same like trick just like jumping off
the side with the side D I think both
your play style and just Rob as a
character like just destroys like
players that don't don't know what
they're do just don't have the
experience or like aren't good enough
it's all the it's the Wii
Warrior it's it's like a gimmick like no
other
yeah that's deeper than just you want me
to grab my thing what you say all right
I'm saying we take this show on the road
it's kind of just it's really I just
punish like
fuckups yeah the punish game is just so
it's just it's just but also the
pressure like you have to you make them
[__] up you're a bait and punish
character oh definitely definitely bait
and punish this guy you just overrun
them yeah that's exactly that's why you
[__] up like they can just take
advantage of it and like the worst
I have to not [__] up like the way that
I play I have to [__] up
exactly I have to do both it
order all right let's take the drop all
right do we going to do
this what ible we even make the drop
with
the these drums don't we need to
accelerate the drums definitely going to
do it tomorrow no definitely not what do
you mean definitely not like I I don't
think I'm going to do it tomorrow why
dude like I have two midterms dude like
they're I'm just saying like I I I I it
would take it would take like 20 minutes
max it would take like 20 minutes max
now yeah so I'm saying let's just do
tomorrow it's equal but
my the bman equation says otherwise
dud all right so the first element of
the drop drugs yeah yeah obviously
but you don't have the thing is right
now you notice that you don't actually
have any drums
mid whoa did you hear that I didn't hear
that without the you got
[Music]
wait there it
was so I'm just going to is that the
audio it's goinging that what is doing
that
[Music]
would I want an overdrive
probably I should like this
[Music]
that's a little too much Alpha too much
Alpha no no no no dude stop the point
being
they when the is the alep oh yeah when
the sink rate when the rate is at 100 or
at eight bars you never really like you
don't notice
as yeah I know I know I know I know I
was thinking the amount yeah
[Music]
wa let me show you this so what does
this do what are these no these three
things they're in a column and it says
some
title
uh the envelope it's the amount that it
wait but I'm trying to figure outus 100%
plus% I understand the the attack and
release the part of the SDR curve but
what's the what is this an actual
envelope on on the phaser the intensity
of the phasers the intensity of phaser
and phaser the envelope follower which
is the frequency
[Music]
yeah all right let's work on this let's
work on the shop
all what happened to the the elep
[Music]
so what you want to do is you want to
automate well actually here you can do
this what's that
kick what's that
in this is the thing we need to
accelerate
[Music]
but over time you know what I'm
saying what I'm trying of think like how
would a drops out with you drop you
always feel this like sense of rising
tension in some way either accelerating
pitch accelerating uh Tempo so there's
different there's different things like
that can create the sense of tension I'm
trying to think like what thing do I
want to do that to and on what and in
what
way maybe it's not that maybe it's not
that we have to just try it out try it
out with all of them to see which one
sounds the
best trying
to how do I do this so am I no I'm not
there so now I've selected this if I
press enter no that plays it but select
shift
enter I'm try what I'm trying to do is
use the only only the keyboard cuz I've
never actually tried to do a key don't
limit yourself like that right now we're
already limiting ourselves by doing
something we don't know how to
do all right nice nice nice but you see
what I what I can do is I I so this one
was
like this this one was like this and
then that one was like this so
now I'm not sure about the
sound I don't care all I'm saying is how
to do
it oh wa I have global
[Music]
so how do you do the last one how how
would you do that you would shift d for
copy sh D is wait click on this clip
click on that no this one know shift d
shift d or control D my bad yeah so I
meant to say uh and now take all this
click on there all these and then uh
contr no oh yeah this one this one yeah
and then contr D and then just move oh
wait play it the one at the
bottom it needs to be half a
Time be it need Lally half the time no
no it needs to be just this this this
this this
[Music]
would Auto go to next oh no you can do
that L doing
this oh follow action yeah how do you
follow
action and then at
end yeah other one the other
[Music]
you really want you should have deleted
those last clips of why yeah be on that
one no you want you want
before fair enough you can have it yeah
that's fair enough oh wait
wait one one two
[Music]
one yeah no but then you want want
everything to drop out and then it comes
back in at the yeah see the length of
time that you want that can be of any L
not any but you can see you can be a far
if you
wanted but
yeah how do I change how many times
SS how many times it's going to Loop
forever right now no no no no this first
bar yeah change that first one the see
the swall action the follow action yeah
so change the it to four bars no no no
yeah keep oh this no this yeah
so
four all right want to hear it yeah
should I hear it in context of
anything I don't have
time oh [__] go back over here
how can we get put remember the original
one the one that was like just the Deep
one that's this one let's put that
following the
drop we need to put a follow action on
this to decide when we go oh I guess we
can just set click the next thing when
we want the drop to
start but then we
should got cck on that one wait
what I got
you but you transpose them
remember hold
on
wait I missed it all right point being I
was going to do the I was going to what
the Riser this is how you can like
yeah and what you could also do is if
you yeah if you did this and
you with this with an lone it starts
cutting signals are like with uh
something oscillating and not what you
really
want or you can do this
too further down do this do this really
the high sounds are annoying
[Music]
oh that's not what
I we don't want nose High
sounds that's all I mean that that when
when you see like a DJ up there doing
that that's what he's doing he's just
turning a filter up yeah yeah that makes
sense
um so then we could automate turning
this up during this right yeah wait yeah
you can automate anything you can also
so there's a distinction that you can
can be made too is like you can automate
in time or you can automate the clip you
know what I mean yeah and then there's
also modulation but that's just
modulating your automation that's not
really like that important yet I don't
really do it that much but I probably
should be better at it but we roll now
so high this going to sound sick but you
want it to start to sound sick now we
should we should make this part um all
right wait actually this part just
doesn't S doesn't sound right no
obviously I was doing it arbitrarily I
was doing it for demo purposes we should
we should fix
it what I would try is that it was
probably just not the same sample like
if you look at what midi note was play
or being played
here I have one wait
all right so gsh
[Music]
one yeah that was the issue I I knew it
was the transposed in some way but
iOS I'm not I'm not transposing them you
aren you just changing the pitch no I'm
not changing the pitch because these are
sampled I'm changing which slice is
being
played oh yeah what if it were like this
then I'd be changing the pitch classic
mode but slicing you had the only only
way that you can order all the slices is
through
midi how else would it know which one is
which all right so now um I'm just
saying I knew that the note was wrong
that's why I was saying that I yeah
right no yeah you were definitely yeah
no you were right about that
um where's the oh wait I want to select
all of
them they just added this by the way
like multi clip
editing oh word that's sick yeah C in
10 we could even increase up a scale for
the pitch of
these that's something that's done so we
don't even need to make them all the
same note but let's try hearing them the
same note you know what I'm saying they
are they are the same note now yeah but
often Lo go up
oh wait I
forgot yeah I knew I forgot one I was
like no I didn't forget
anyone G
sharp
Shar problem is that it's such a low
it's such a low frequency what you'll
find is like yeah but with this here
like it sounds a little bit closer to
the frequency range that you're like
thinking is like would be there for a
drop it just needs it needs to increase
and Pitch as we get more and more
repeated I think well I think you
probably don't want to have your your
drums go up and Pitch but you'll
probably have your other instruments
like Riser symbols other things because
like like when you watch like people
this is me like actually making a song
like they have like 40 layers yeah right
so they have like five different sounds
going at right so
this needs to be this one needs to be um
two where's Loop
actions where's follow follow yes and
then
L
is this going to be
insane oops
I I'm just saying like how funny would
it be if like you blow up and it la like
I don't know like 10,000 monthly
listeners it just got a humor dude the
reunions all right that one's clearly
too long that one should be
um wait so this one is four this one
needs to be
two then one in one then one it's a
[__] uh
binary Fibonacci or some
[__] 11
wait yeah you got it you did it
right and it's cool that that when I
first did this and I realized
mathematical something wrong it should
be like this hold
on wait then you just want this at
two yeah you just wanted that at two
yeah
2211 or
2111 no but the last one's half
remember oh the last one's half I
deleted half the notes yeah no but it's
still a measure in time
dude you have to understand that
distinction then
in time this one is still one
measure right that's sick
wait what's
that oh so I so when I made this I did
like like rhythmic things on top of it
which uh for this one like I deleted
half of them at the bottom and this one
great out
too oops uh so I can do that for this
one
oh wait this
[Music]
one what's
that great wait do you have a ball no J
it's j but walk around dude that'll be
so much more fun what's it applied to so
oh okay wait you do you know about did I
explain what return tracks are yeah it's
like the out right no so return tracks
take in other
tracks okay
yeah right you sent it to B you sent it
to
B actually was
where's the other things we
recorded oh yeah yeah can you should
click on this control R what's that
too rame what was it this is avocado
avocado
avocado fresh what wait no it's it's it
free free
it's not on the track is not
on go to here about it change this from
hard day I changed
it I think
[Music]
it's off me well that's only because so
so so I actually know what it is if you
look here
like wait this
[Music]
one
I'm well really what it is no what it
really is is that
these oh yeah I'm just being
oop this will make it sound different
and you'll be like what the [__] so
annoyed chill
now it's closer in
time doing
this proper way to roll a j no weed
ins we need something after the drop yep
what can we can we actually right now
before we go we've been listening to
this for so long and I'm honestly kind
of tired of it can we listen to cuz that
that that one there's two chords like
over and over again yeah but can can you
find some songs on Spotify that are like
go just click click on spy you have Miss
call or some [__] anyways uh and then
find some songs that we can listen to
that have sick drops that you're like
going for CU then I can have more
context as to what you
want I got to get a charger in a
minute
um [__]
well one how B she would she be if you
like if your phone died and you just
like didn't that happened a couple
nights ago and it was not good damn
that's so
annoying it was also really late yeah
all right
um why is it so laggy yeah my computer's
just [__]
donate
[__] you look at this correct way to
roll a jade no weed
inside oh hermitude dude are you kidding
me don't turn off this I'm not turning
it off I'm going to add to I always add
to Q unless I'm like I yeah the buzz is
one of the best drops of any song by the
way oh crazy oh this have you heard yeah
yeah I have it on my playlist it's a
sick song
[Music]
all right so wait so have you started to
listen to music like when you listen to
music are you thinking about like how
they made it I'm trying
to just think about you have this flat
line and and you I guess you have really
three axises but you're trying to figure
out like it's the synth it's not the
drums it's the synth yeah they're adding
synth but that's what it is a ton of
layers of
s and then you put in the base well you
yeah you you did the base cut you did
that yeah but I did the thing with the
bass that I was supposed to do with the
sentence well you don't have to you can
do it with the Bas people do it any sort
of way but if you're trying to emulate
if you're trying to copy then yeah yeah
I'm trying to emulate him yeah
definitely he's the one that got me into
like electronic music at all FL yeah wow
dude what I don't know I just think it's
like like
yeah I don't know I don't know why I re
like
that kind of funny no like FL no I I
think Flume is
dope I can't even show you the exact
song it was it's not on it's only on
this this wait I actually want to use a
Clipper for
this this
is how do I pause this just uh
play oh my
God that's not on Spotify no
[Music]
yeah oh wait I forgot dud I have not
rolled JS in so long
so yeah I kind of know what's going
on right he just has sample with a lot
of re and then he has the s that are a
lot of Porta like between a Sawtooth and
a and a uh square and then with that has
a high pass filter on it or low pass
filter on it and then that has an
envelope on it that is no dependent and
he also has another track with a
Bas and then he has Unison on the center
and I can show you what un does but it
basically duplicates the wave and then
it has some phase to it so that they're
offset a
little if that makes any
sense that makes sense so yeah it also
has a filter that slowly filters out
the in the
[Music]
background again
I'm I'm
[Music]
and he has that resonance on the syn in
the
background
[Music]
talks this the song's moves you like but
you can see it's
because because of how he plays with
Dynamics right like things come in and
out very quickly
like yeah you yeah when you say you can
feel it like the physics of it is very
[Music]
real or very like tangible
all right find another
song uh cuz I want to keep
deconstructing as many songs as possible
really so you can start thinking about
what was going on cuz I I think when you
listen to music alone and you're not
prod you you know heater by Flume no I
don't I don't know Flume at all oh
really I don't listen to a lot of
music that's easy all all the sounds
right now I know do he has a bit Crusher
on some weird sound and then he has some
water sounds that he put some stuff
on oh he pitched them up and then he has
some random panning on
[Music]
them he made a drop out of
[__]
noise what me listen
dude do you feel it building
yeah but I mean like well I used to
listen to Dubstep a lot like this is not
like crazy to me you know what I
[Music]
mean let's listen to some uh it's weird
what's weird to me is that you know when
the drop is supposed to
come that's weird you like not weird but
it's like that's what I'm striving for
for hold on let me get a charger
[Music]
me c in the w
w
[Music]
ice burning
up who this
take
[Music]
m
I want to show you before again yo you
know you know sha Wasabi right yeah of
course okay
[Music]
you got to watch this incomplete dude so
tell me when you're ready I'm not trying
to rush you I'm just saying like this
this this video is
insane he made his own language this guy
is literally in like no he he just he's
like the multi-dimensional thing but
like kind of like popular hello my name
is igly Ghost today I'm going to show
you how to make a song he doesn't show
you whatsoever but there is
[Music]
a that sound is already complete like
that's not just one come he does tons of
[__] to
this he's not even playing
[Music]
and now for some
drums this is so
[Music]
SEC and now to put it all together
[Applause]
[Music]
oh that's a sick song Squad oh wait but
let me show you the actual then we're
going to get but like the actual one
dude he he shows you how to make songs
[Music]
so people sent in him a bunch of random
audio and he just makes a ton of song
from like five minutes I I was like come
on to all right all right [__] it stay
low key L low H out my mind I stay my
show got a g
[Music]
no huh huh
I would love to get people send me
sounds send me sounds
[Music]
people
my it's actually crazy I don't have a
boiler room t-shirt hey
we all right um I think live so I'm just
going to start I'm wise um this is
crowdsourced this is episode
4 sayic trululu shout out to you guys
man this is so dope of you thanks
Stars
oy atmosphere from think twice big up
you
yeah shout out to pra India for these
ones she says
I that's to DJ
[Music]
Zano did you just listen that's
tired is that one of your own kicks yeah
yeah out to y
Pablo I remember oh age of Age of
Empires no this is insane we're
witnessing it
guys I
don't I don't know why you wouldn't want
to see
sh flavors who was that from
sorry I don't know that's like a meme on
four time oh
yeah that's so dope
o and fancies big up you sound what have
you got to say that's kind of tight
[Music]
yeah and fancy says 96 BPM a major
atmospheric Vox sample that I chopped
out of se's vocals well big up you
[Music]
bro see how he modulated the speed of
the LFO on The
Voice on the
filter on which the L if you have an
auto filter let's go to a TR what TR
this has an auto filter um and went from
instead of instead of oops uh yeah
instead of sink or I went to sink he
went he went to that he switched them he
modulated
[Music]
that you know what I'm saying like it
speeds up and slows down and all you got
to do to do that is that's what he
did oh the way he's using this program
this has no idea it's so funny but I
love
him we good noise
[Music]
man he said he didn't know have to play
Keys [__] done all right fully don't
all right
[Music]
did you see the process by the way he
started with like since we have session
view we can just do it in Loops but
since reason doesn't really have a
session view he just made the song
starting on one of the actual timeline
and just expanded the loop
range all right let's make ours let's
make ours second's should we start over
no you want to make a new song I'm down
to make a new song yeah I'm down to make
a new song cuz we've learn we've learned
a lot about like making a drop we have
and like I kind of want to implement
some stuff like I want to start with the
synth and make like the synth like I uh
and some voice sample it so take it easy
on me yeah oh you're new to it I'm new
to this I'm way more new to it than you
bro what youing I it being sarcastic i'
never even heard a song
before
for
e e
come
e
for
e e
yeah but not enough time on
like oh composition yeah
composition but but the thing is you
also realize that that that's overall a
hard task yeah that's what elon's really
good at well yeah and his producer what
yeah and Jeff his drum really his
drummer does all their production well
yeah but we're doing production mainly
like that's the quality no but I mean
organiz well yeah I guess yeah I want to
because of song you're
right oh my God all right let's start
with the S new song I'm so
hot how do I make this do on oh it's
start all right uh let's add a the
track uh well you actually no no add
device because right now you're on the
basic midi track so fine let's start
with the drop with it just a kick you
just want the kick yeah just I thought
you said start with the S oh yeah let's
start with the synth let's start with
the synth but yeah we probably need beat
right no no no start with the synth
start with the synth and then we'll add
something on top of oh yeah because I
would rather because think about P like
yeah the staging the pouting like just
like uh yeah so much dude just like I
got a
call Ethan tell
me oh [__] it
[Laughter]
yeah what I was going to say here wa
wait wait wait
hold I'm trying to just figure out this
composition first let me just work on
this composition
[Music]
dude
no I'm changing the instrument I'm
changing I'm changing
now
no no
[Music]
[Applause]
is
[Music]
[Applause]
stop that's it that's it I figured it
[Music]
out oh yeah
actually is this this might sound [__]
up do you want to produce alone I I kind
of want to chill a little bit but also I
do think it's important to not have me
here for some of this like I'm here for
almost all of it and I'd rather you do
some exploration without my input is
that chill
[Music]
take a
tiny for
[Music]
oops
I
[Music]
[Laughter]
I
[Music]
he
he for
[Music]
is
[Applause]
[Music]
I
in all
[Music]
in
[Applause]
[Music]
I
is
[Music]
abely PR good
a
[Music]
I
l
[Music]
the
I
[Music]
is
[Applause]
[Music]
n
e e
[Music]
m e
m
[Music]
is for
all
[Music]
[Laughter]
oh
[Music]
for
you hear
it yeah it's all right it's not great
it's not great I'm getting there
[Music]
what's
up what's
[Music]
up did you start over is this still it
this is still the same one what what did
you spend the most time on I mean it's
streaming so I can check
I not
sure dude look at this isn't that sick
oh man we just gotten such good quality
streams where did you spend the most
time on I'm not
sure what are you hype about I'm I'm hyp
about how I just got the wave table to
sound all right let me hear the wave
table obviously wait no no no hold on oh
sick oh there's so many effects on here
wait change this to
oh that's great that's
great oh the popping is DP wait what's
on
[Music]
it wait I don't have any audio effects
on it oh look at that huge chain
[Music]
it's so many
things all right sh don't don't [__]
with it don't [__] with it I'm I'm I
want to get this tension working
[Music]
though but you got to quantize those
last ones why well I mean it's just it
like what you're going for is like I
know what you're going for and the
function is not that
do you want that that like syn do you
want
that cuz this one could be considered on
be if you extend out your meel like it
could be
D but you want you want this one or
something wait just clti them all yeah
okay here you can do it you know what to
do how do you Pawn tize these well okay
so you can just like control well contr
a and then well this okay so actually
right click and then go to quanti
settings so play around with this
[Music]
l
he
[Music]
I e
in
[Music]
[Applause]
is
[Music]
l
Happ that's
[Music]
f
oh
[Music]
w
the
[Music]
e
three e
[Music]
e
the
[Music]
filter the
the
[Music]
is
the
[Music]
the l
is
[Music]
that's
for
[Music]
the
yo it's taking up way too much CPU oh
yeah wave table does that here let me do
something well it it actually isn't
necessarily wave table what what you
should
do stop wait yo watch this you stop all
your Clips you play one of them see what
the CPU is like then you start isolating
which of these amps amp with this takes
a lot but this will decrease some just
let's just turn off all of them I know
it does change it a
lot it's now down to about 30 right
that's pretty significant now if we did
that for all of and I'm not I'm saying
you turn them back on I I'm not actually
changing any of the Little
dials turn this one off does it have any
midi on it right now you can figure out
how wait why oh okay okay wait yeah
because I did that last
time
oops
so pretty low yeah tension doesn't use a
lot but even just turning these off like
okay and
then turning literally like
[__] and the thing about this is that
that's not even just like all of it
like I
think oh no I think that is all okay so
yeah do the
um so point being say donate donate
yeah can grab a
nage
[Music]
gra dude come up we're watching this
crazy movie oh also wait do you know to
stop the stream no wait you don't know
how to stop the stream okay it's okay no
stop I'm going to go watch the movie and
I want to stop it when the actual stuff
stops so I don't have to edit the video
okay I'm just saying you know how to do
it right you just literally open up this
program and then click stop streaming
okay but call me when you're done cuz I
do want to go to bed like I mean like
I'm going to watch the movie but just if
you're still up I don't know cuz I've
been up till 4: A.M
[Music]
oh
okay
[Music]